Do you know where they live?
Yeah.
I went back to the counterfeit products to look for clues
You take good care of Ye Ningyi here
I'll help you get someone out
I'll go with you.
What are you going to do?
I can't let him arrest people at will at the foot of the capital
I want to see what else he's up to
You just left with me?
Are you afraid that your junior sister can't find you for something?
Wanyu and I are really just friends
Dear, forget it.
Let's talk about this later
The most important thing now is to save people
There we go.
Wait a minute.
I'm going to save people with you
Your injury is very important
Take good care
Everyone was taken away
Maybe it's because of me
Attack counterfeit products
Those people
I have seen